(soft music)
All right in this video,
we have an assignment for you.
So, we are going to refactor the Recipe Service.
And you probably can predict,
we wanna refactor it to use the reactive types.
So, what I want you to do is go in,
update the RecipeService to
use the reactive repositories that we've created
and also refactor the RecipeService
to return reactive types
and of course as part of this,
we are going to be going in and updating unit tests.
And unlike I did with the IngredientService,
I wanna remind you that every time you break the build,
somewhere a kitten is going to die.
(laughs)
Just joking around.
So, I wanna point out that last time I did in fact,
break the build, which was bad,
so watch your unit test.
You do wanna try to do a minimal amount and then
update your test and get those failing,
get them compiling and failing,
then update the rest of the code and you should be good.
So, we want to try to follow test driven development
as much as possible.
As we go through the course here, that is a best practice.
I want to remind you to not break the build,
unlike what I did in the
last time that we refactored the IngredientService.